or not
[Music]
and then
kids go by well like this there are
people who well such salsa lately I mean there is
no stop to seo sal and I
like this the truth is that I like that there are
many the ceo so that so that I
commented on it and you I am happy no what
family welcome one more day to my
channel well I am wise the measures if you did not
know me and delighted but here it is not
coming to delete I mean like it is
mandatory to subscribe 200 are the
rules each one in their house sets the
rules they want if you are going to see this
video okay with many elk west and all
those who come I invite you to subscribe it
is completely free it is a
beautiful button it does not cost money so go
ahead and once you click it then I will tell you
that today we are going to talk about the salsa singer of the
moment and it is that since I am
recording well at the moment in which
I am recording this video exactly they have been
trending for like 48 hours
Shakira and I bit because apparently it
seems that this is still not
confirmed everything would point out I am going to
tell you all the gossip  at least for
now, surely as
the days go by,
more things will be confirmed if I see them
tap to comment on a video, then I will make
another video, it will all depend on you,
as always here I record the videos and
expand on the topics according to what
people are interested in. We have been commenting on the subject of
Johnny Depp, I still have many
things that were commented on that subject,
surely tomorrow or the day after there will be a video
on the subject of Johnny and Amber,
apparently Amber wants to declare
bankruptcy to avoid paying. Yes, it is
true that I do not believe that she has the money
in her possession that she has to
face, but according to what I was reading in
American laws she cannot declare
bankruptcy and having the
sentence lifted will surely be a debt that will
haunt her for life and she will have to
pay it no matter what and everything she
works on in the future will be to
pay Johnny, the liar's life has
wanted to ruin the life of an
innocent man and she is vase to yours, look, I do
not believe that they have
many contracts in sight because they
have already confirmed from the
Warner production company that they have ordered the elimination of all the
scenes  and that amber here is not going to
appear in aqua bandos, I don't know, are they going to
replace those scenes and record them
again with three others or suddenly the
aquaman couple is not going to appear, I don't
know the truth, I don't know how they are going to do it
but some people
quite close to the production have said so I think it's
real well then this
rumor that is being seen these days and
that is gaining a lot of life and is
making a lot of sense and more and more
people are talking about the subject the rumor is
based on the fact that pique is no longer living in
her house but apparently in an
apartment also in supposed
hidden messages in shakira's last song
supposed hidden messages that we are going to
isolate in this video and that would
make a lot of sense if it were
some kind of quite
direct hint what happens is that of course we also
have to talk about that I imagine
in what man the lyrics have been
writing for some time and the video clip is
being prepared but well everything points
everything points to what shakira
went alone on vacation with her children to
eivissa to celebrate mother's day
we will see that they are not seen together  in
photos or stories since March and an
alleged lover who mentioned the one whose
identity is still unknown I have to
say that man coming from the aura
does the job job because I don't trust much
what this woman says what happens is that
from time to time of ten rumors that she
throws out maybe you can be right in one she will
acquire she has caught up
with another and they are going to separate
there is a crisis because if it is such that they see each other
montana well then they guarantee strike she
is telling you that there is an infidelity
on the part of Gerard Piqué and that Shakira
would be aware of this infidelity and that is why she would have
made the decision to at
least separate for a while and that is
why the information from Emilio Pérez
de Rozas that Gerard Piqué would be in her
house on Muntaner street they tell me that is
how it happened that is why there is
distance that maybe then
nothing remains but that has happened I mean to say
that they are separated right now they
have decided to break down the wall
no I do not know at these that there is a
crisis that is evident because he lives
many nights many more to many days  He
spends many hours at home in the
Montané house yes there would be a third
person of which
Shakira has also been aware that he bites according to his
friends they go out a lot with Ricky Puig his
Barça teammate and that in his
own words he is out of control because I am going to
read you another one informing you that he is
out of control and that he mostly visits two
clubs one and I don't know the
place blin blin he
is a regular at blin blin and another one that he
does at dinners and shows where there is
a private room called patron we also have
the information the worrying information that
the magazine 'hola' has given exclusively
this past weekend in which it was
learned that Shakira would have suffered a
strong anxiety attack that would have
ended in a hospital after a
heated argument with the soccer player in
which apparently Shakira's mother-in-law
and mother were present apparently at
this time because Shakira broke down and
medical services had to come for
her on Saturday May 28th the rumors of a sentimental crisis had not yet been
revealed to the media
that according to the newspaper
last Wednesday  June 1st could be what
Shakira and Gerard Piqué are going through
due to an alleged infidelity by the
Barcelona player it was around
five in the afternoon and what seemed like
a quiet weekend day
turned into a fateful day for both of them as
explained to the sources
present and as shown in these
exclusive images with which we
illustrate these lines that day the
couple lived a sad and tense episode
also Europapress was commenting
that the couple would be trying to overcome
this crisis at least try
even for the children although being
an infidelity it would be a little more
complicated than expected the situation
now would be different since they would be
living a crisis but they are
working on it to try to
solve it in fact this Wednesday
June 1st they were seen leaving their
family home in Barcelona but they did not
want to make statements the
interpreter of te felicito and the
FC Barcelona player have reunited in the midst
of this difficult situation that they are
going through and that occurs exactly
12 years after their
love story began let's take a
look at this thread of this  user or
user of twitter that is quite
complete with what is the rumor and the
salsa and the gossip that we have so
far I open and the rumor of the
separation of shakira and piqué
supposedly due to an infidelity of the
barça defender summary of their story they
met in may 2010 when
shakira was called by fifa to
do the song for the world cup in
south africa
to raise it the waka waka pique she was
fascinated with him they exchanged
numbers then a message and then he
promised to win the cup so he could
see her in the final after a few months
shakira announced her separation from her
then boyfriend antonio de la rúa and
although there was much speculation about her
relationship with gerard piqué it was not until
march 2011 that she made it official by
publishing a photo I present to you my
sun since later that same year she
became pregnant with her first son milan
and in 2014 with her second son sacha
everything in shakira's life seemed like a
fairy tale so much that she put aside
her career to focus on her family, pay attention to the
details, well, pay attention to the details, I do
n't think anyone would have asked her to
abandon her career either. She was simply
at a point where she was having
children and if I can afford it, well,
why wouldn't I be more attentive and
enjoy the children, especially when you
need their mother the most. It was once that
the children start to have what they have
now, the youngest is 8 years old, no, the
youngest is 8 years old, well now she's starting to
resume her career again because
she goes to school, she's starting a little bit,
let's say in a somewhat exaggerated way,
to detect us, yes, you can
afford it, well, she would like to do the
many mothers, yes, it's true that
inspiration may not have come to her and she may
not have wanted to because if she
had wanted to, she would have gone ahead.
Most artists at this point in their
careers, what they do is have nannies in
abundance and take the children on tour and go
ahead, you know, but well, they
wanted to do it that way, there have often
been rumors of infidelity on the part of the number
3 of Barça to the most
successful Colombian in history, but even  now
is when they are playing the loudest and
now I will tell you why
last year Shakira released The Wild and the lyrics
well just look at what it says anyway at
that time several fans thought that the
song was dedicated to Pique I hope
oh how painful it is that they kept
posting photos and showing their love
because you don't put down your phone and look me in the
eyes they chase me for you but it
seems to be occupied maybe the space
all that is needed is time to
make up for it don't let your mind think
that there is someone else if it is a letter that
if we start to think that it goes for
Pique it points it pointed to the horns it points
to a leave of no of her partner she is not
aware of the cell phone and so on no in
recent weeks there have been several
people who have said that the couple
was in crisis but the rumor did not
transcend until today the newspaper
dropped the bomb Shakira discovered Pique
the newspaper where they launch the
podcast this Eurofan that we have
posted before here was discovered Pique
being unfaithful he lives alone and goes out
every night with other women and that's
when I congratulate you Conrado Alejandro
cobra  sense and it is that this letter so
now we will analyze it okay we will see
the letter also we are going to see a
couple of scenes and a couple of more things
no and yes yes yes it points to
an indirect direct to complete it
broke me into pieces they warned me but
in that case I realized that yours is
false that the glass overflowed don't tell me you're sorry that
seems sincere but I
know you well and I know that he lies I
congratulate you that he comes act of that I have no
doubt with your role continues on
March 20 published the first post praising the one
she named her husband Oslo star
this is why on screen if you want to
stop to read it in yours okay but
basically putting on an altar
still sinking the second power of March 31
seems that already had problems our spoiled
little girl if in this tour
that you are reading after months in
forced fasts of surfing today was command
on bicycle while the waves seemed to
take a thousand problems well it is a post
that points a little sadness but it
should not be
related to the  subject although now we
can
imagine that if the public Mother's Day is
not like they confirm
anything but here they never post about
similar things that's why it's rare that they publish
that for it it is worth continuing to
fight just with a kiss they cure everything
and make it worth continuing to
fight for it happy day to all
mothers it could be it could be
the promotion of her new
program dancing with myself begins and with that
shakira leaves barcelona hallelujah and
begins a tour of several countries
england netherlands france shakira
attends cannes in may at the premiere of
elvis which draws attention in the
fandom because the lady never goes out
since she is in barcelona not even
to promote her music but also
draws attention for her dress and that
is now known as zoom revenge
stress spectacular beautiful elegant
sexy a goddess truly also
draws attention that now she is seen very well
dressed and well dressed like in 2009
when she had problems with de la rúa
all are assumptions let's see it has never
caught my attention that this girl
was poorly dressed and disheveled well
these people who are  writing
this thread you are super fans so you haven't
seen her left out in recent
years I know you are being surprised
like like she's getting fixed mai is
like well let's see I have never seen anything wrong
until today this note came out piqué
no longer has keys to his house and it seems that
the separation will be confirmed
well the note belongs to some images
from europa press
here on screen while I comment on it
but basically it draws attention
because piqué is entering the house to
pick up shakira and he doesn't have keys to
the house he is calling the doorman to be
able to enter I bring you what seems to be
the most conclusive evidence that I
congratulate you yes it is for piqué shakira
making the gesture with two fingers
several times in the video and the truth
is that it could square those like
literally yes I think that I think that
literally confirms it in fact
later I will tell you something else
but we continue with the thread on the other hand
chris evans began to follow those who will
go on instagram she began to follow him
a few days ago now the captain
returned it to her in others  topics gerard went to
drop off Mrs. Nidia Shakira's mother
at her daughter's house but he didn't go in he just
dropped her off and left suspicious emilio
perez de rozas journalists from
cuore magazine gave some details of the woman
with whom pique supposedly cheated on
shakira a young blonde girl about 20 years old
is studying and works as an
event hostess these are the statements
of a certain
cortes my bum bum when I return to
brazil she sent me directly to my instagram
that was deleted every day
asking me when I would return to europe and
always asking me how big my
butt was and saying that he was jealous of
my tributes to messi yeah I mean pique
according to this girl she sent these messages
through instagram and then
deleted them another clue in the video she
congratulated these images not the congratulatory letter
the postcard not the clown that appears here would
look a lot like the look she has
here the costume she has here and shakira
does not infobae reports since she will go she does not want to
continue living in barcelona here she
has no friends or family  except for
pique and the tax office has been chasing her for
years so she intends to
move and settle in another country
pique refuses to be separated from his children
well the cyclical that he puts at the end
of the thread that belongs to the interview
well the podcast that he did where I
say there the truth
a bit regrettable on the part of pique
sincerely I'm going to play it for you
listen to it and tell me what you think
in fact diaz it's not a pleasure there's
nothing comparable
in sex you prefer a couple of hours
with the parakeets than [ __ ] I think
if that's removed he must be very happy
with your statements
so far
and
that there's the shake
with the rich that there's the mambo that he
likes playing soccer more than well
well to each his own
well in addition to the
clues that we have seen so far
in this video conrado alejandro in the
song of congratulations that would indicate that
the song would be dedicated directly
to pique we have to remember that there
is also a change at the
beginning of the video clip of ibai himself who as you know has become a kind of right hand man with pique well in fact they are partners not in  some in some
projects like the coi for example and I
think in some others it's really striking
that Shakira asked
Ibai's permission to put an excerpt from one of
her live performances at the beginning of the video clip.
Well if you listen at home you'll hear it
and better for the one listening downstairs, let's
see if you don't listen from home you
listen to it. I hear it quite well in
fact I even understand what I'm saying, I don't know
what I'm saying about Patricia's diary. Well
basically Shakira told me, can I
use an audio of yours? Are you talking about the
diamond? Yes, with the room. I don't know. Well,
anyway, listening at home
you'll understand it. Shakira asked me
if I could use an audio of mine, that
is, an excerpt from my streaming
and I said Betsy, the truth is obviously I
can't put the click of the video clip. Okay, it
's the beginning, it's the first few seconds,
I'm sure all the referees. The
protagonist of the video clip is
listening in the background to what appears to be
a radio or maybe the TV with an
imposed studio and you can hear
Ibai in one of his offices saying
the following.
Take advantage of this window that
Patricia's diary gives you.  and send the message
that you feel from the heart it seems to me to
also hear something like that how am I going to
put some music in the background it's not something like that
not everything points to the fact that Chaquira is using the
voice of her still husband's friend it's a
directly let's go in which she is
saying this song what I'm going to say
from now on it comes from my heart
dedicated to you Shakira posted this
a few minutes ago on her Twitter account and
some took it as an indirect
also to Gerard Piqué and above all a
thank you to the people who support her
Shakira discovers Piqué being unfaithful to her
then she attends an event and Henri
Calvin is dazzled by her so
she decides to follow him on Instagram and
immediately follows Chris Evans and today Chris
Evans starts following her too and here I
see you so aliso and I respect you I posted
a comment that has gone very viral
in fact everyone is like why is
Henry Cavill left alone but
really the Henry clip that I'm going to
put here is from 2015 it's not like  be
from now
[Music]
equally today is the day now has
decided to give follow maybe has to do
maybe not currently the
superman actor has a partner
natalie discurso vice president of
legendary field and although he has a
discreet life so they upload some other
photo together to instagram chris evans
captain america and henry cavill
began to follow shakira in the
last hours after
rumors of the infidelity of her
partner the player gerard piqué arose at the
moment since they have not posted the
typical photo with his partner that he always
puts in the famous to deny things
like that chris evans on the other hand is
single and although in the
last months he has been related to
selena gomez and ama de arma at the moment it has not been
confirmed that he is in a
relationship with anyone the rumors of the
alleged infidelity of gerard piqué and
shakira have two possibilities some
point to the mother of pablo gabi the
young star of barcelona team
where piqué plays and others say that they are about
a young  event hostess what we
can confirm at the moment
as I have told you before is
that he has been seen
shaking all over his house calling the
doorman to get in
and apparently he would be living alone in an
apartment near Barcelona according to
several media such as hola europapress
in addition to the fact that it is quite striking
that lately his family has been
traveling alone without him, for example
recently on Mother's Day a few
weeks ago Shakira went with the children without
the company of Piqué there are visas to
celebrate Mother's Day at the moment that is
all there is at the moment they all
seem to be rumors that point to being true
but we will have to wait to see what is
confirmed over the next few
days of course I will be informing you
about the subject if you want it is worth it
show me give it a like leave me
your comments and if I see that you are
interested in the subject then I will keep you
informed family a big hug it
is a pleasure always
spread the gossip the truth is that I am
delighted and I know that you will also
see us in the next video and I send you
a huge hug  Well, I'll leave you with a few
months, okay, see you later
[Music]